place this, self-improving, we're
gonna put this right
below the delegation, right
below the template meta
prompt, and actually we're
gonna call this expert
level. So this is
very, very challenging to
do and to write.
The expert section in
itself is less challenging
to write than the
actual full prompt, but
we're gonna place these
both at A tier
usefulness, and we're gonna
give them A and
S tier skill requirement,
all right? A couple
of things we haven't
covered in any of
our prompts here, examples
and the relevant files.
So let's just go
ahead and place is
you've already seen this,
right? Examples is when
you detail some specific
element of your prompt